from django.db import models

class OperationAndSurgeryType(models.IntegerChoices):
    # Preventative and Restorative
    DENTAL_CLEANING = 1, "Dental Cleaning (Prophylaxis)"
    DENTAL_FILLING = 2, "Dental Filling (Restoration)"
    ROOT_CANAL = 3, "Root Canal Therapy (Endodontics)"

    # Surgical
    TOOTH_EXTRACTION = 4, "Tooth Extraction"
    DENTAL_IMPLANT = 5, "Dental Implant Placement"

    # Cosmetic/Specialized
    TEETH_WHITENING = 6, "Teeth Whitening"
    ORTHODONTIC_TREATMENT = 7, "Orthodontic Treatment"




1.
Dental Cleaning (Prophylaxis)


2.
Description: A routine preventative procedure to remove plaque, tartar, and surface stains from your teeth, crucial for maintaining optimal oral hygiene and preventing cavities and gum disease.
Dental Filling (Restoration)


3.
Description: Used to restore a tooth damaged by decay back to its normal function and shape. The decayed portion is removed, and the space is filled with a durable material like composite resin or amalgam.
Root Canal Therapy (Endodontics)


4.
Description: A procedure to treat infection or damage deep inside a tooth. The infected pulp is removed, the inner chamber is cleaned and disinfected, and then filled and sealed to save the natural tooth.
Tooth Extraction


5.
Description: The removal of a tooth from its socket in the bone. This may be necessary due to severe decay, infection, overcrowding, or damage beyond repair.
Dental Implant Placement


6.
Description: A surgical procedure to replace missing tooth roots with titanium screw-like posts. These implants fuse with your jawbone, providing a strong foundation for artificial teeth (crowns, bridges, or dentures).
Teeth Whitening


7.
Description: A popular cosmetic procedure designed to lighten the natural color of your teeth, effectively removing stains and discoloration to achieve a brighter, more radiant smile.
Orthodontic Treatment


8.
Description: Involves the use of braces, clear aligners, or other appliances to correct misaligned teeth and jaws, improving bite function, oral health, and the aesthetics of your smile.